hello YouTube it is smk exotics or sang
with us MK exotics and i'm going to be
doing a reptile room tour for you not
too big of a collection yet but i
decided to do this just so I can have my
first video up so if you can bear with
me it's probably not gonna be the best
video in the world but at least I'm
trying so this is my male bearded dragon
he does not have name but he is about
eight months old he's pretty good-sized
he's over to 200 grams at this point and
his enclosure is a custom-built
enclosure and he has a 24 inch tempo no
UVB from EXO Tara and also a 50 watt
spot bulb from Exeter and he is on paper
towel with a little rock hide multiple
plants fake plants and a salad dish
which which has prickly pear cactus
sliced up into small chunks a little bit
of carrot and baby kale so let's move on
to my next lizard which is living in a
75 gallon tank and if you can already
guess what it is for somewhat big
aquarium he is a juvenile
iguana she is up here sitting trying to
focus first there he is he has no name
either
neither does Maya bearded dragon or the
iguana but there well the bearded dragon
is very very very same but the Iguana
likes to bite scratch and tear you to
shreds tail whip and all that good stuff
so he's not taming off but he has a 24
inch which seems pretty small but he has
a 24 inch bike for a UVB and a normal
bulb up here for a just that kind of
light up the cage and up here is a 65
watt spot bulb
and let's move on to my last lizard that
I have at this point and it is a baby
chinese water dragon he's still really
really really really really tiny but
he's growing pretty well he is in a 2009
long I don't know really know what you'd
call it it's half water I guess there
would be a 50/50 type deal but he has a
waterfall over here so use the autofocus
it's weird
alright but he has a waterfall there and
a kind of like a dry side which isn't
super dry but I need to get him a little
bit more rocks please no hate on that
one and he also has a 5.0 UVB there a
normal house bulb for lighting up the
aquarium or terrarium and then also a
purple night bulb there this aquarium
terrarium deal has live rosy reds and
smaller fish for him to eat once he gets
a size but they just looked pretty cool
down in the UH the shallow water but he
is doing well eating pretty well and
yeah it's not too much to talk about but
he has multiple logs there for nesting
spot and I'll give you one less good
look at him if it'll focus right there
we go and I will go and move on to the
small amount of snakes that I have I
don't have to right now I'd sold off a
couple of them but here's my male
yellow-bellied ball python he is doing
well too
he he's a proven breeder he's about
1,300 grams 12 to 1,300 grams and he ate
a large medium rat well about two hours
ago
which will probably be like a day and a
half furred from you guys but he's doing
really well he's very very good size
mail for me
he's bred multiple times I've had about
four females that he's gotten gravid and
yeah so there isn't too much on him but
I did have a female in this rack a few
days ago but I sold her off and yes
about it for the ball python it there
and I will be getting another ball
python this Saturday this upcoming
Saturday - moving on down - here is my
snow corn it just focus my beautiful
snow corn problem milk snake hybrid he
is for sale he's trying to dig in his
sand right now I'm going to switch him
off of the sand soon probably - right
after this video is done because he got
it all wet and it's nasty and I'd rather
not have him on that cuz it does not
really help with shedding but yeah it's
about it he's actually really trying to
dig in there that's weird
never seen me do that before that's him
he none of my animals really have names
at this plant but that's about it
that's my reptile room at this point
besides my feeding schedule just not and
I have a list of good foods for them and
just different details on things for
whenever I'm out of town and my parents
or friends have to take care of animals
but up here I have vitamin supplements
bearded dragon and adult bearded dragon
food and juvenile go on food he isn't
quite an adult yet but I thought I might
as well just give him the larger stuff
so over here I have a couple of 4-pack
of hot hand heat warmer like hand
warmers - repu glow bulbs one of them is
being used at this right like right now
and I have a bunch of bulbs there I also
have my super ones here
look for everyone I'll feed ya bearded
dragon sweet words you man I go for it
that's weird
oh did it really just do that I think it
was behind the yeah he's jumping on me
well grab another one first he is eating
he's probably eaten five or six of these
today
well that's them laughter grab that
super one that escaped and yeah thanks
for watching and that's about it please
subscribe and do all that crap thank you
and I will probably have more videos up
pretty soon just got to figure all this
YouTube stuff out editing and all this
good stuff so thank you bye